[Music]
in derry maine
a man sees his boyfriend murdered by
pennywise
after homophobic teenagers assault them
and throw him off a bridge
investigating mike hanlon discovers it
has returned
and calls his childhood friends bill
denbrough
ben hanscom beverly marsh richie tozier
eddie kasbrak and stanley yuris
back to derry to honor the promise they
made 27 years ago
to kill it if it came back while the
others travel to derry with hazy
memories
stan commits suicide after being
contacted the losers meet for dinner and
mike refreshes their memories before
they are tormented by hallucinations
and learn of stan's suicide richie and
eddie decide to leave
until beverly reveals that she has had
psychic visions of their deaths
should they fail to fulfill their
promise meanwhile
henry bowers who was arrested for the
murder of his father
escapes from a mental institution with
help from it
and a little girl is killed by pennywise
at a baseball game
mike shows bill via a drug-induced
vision that the native american ritual
of chud
can stop it for good going to their old
clubhouse
and finding stan's shower cap mike
explains that the ritual requires items
from their past to be sacrificed
and instructs the others to split up and
search for their artifacts
beverly goes to her old home now
inhabited by an elderly woman
and finds ben's love letter still
believing bill wrote it
fleeing when the elderly woman turns out
to be it
ben recalls a childhood encounter with
pennywise
at school and realizes his artifact is
the yearbook page beverly signed
which he kept in his wallet richie and
eddie retrieve their artifacts
a token from an arcade and an inhaler
pennywise confronts richie
and taunts him about his sexuality
before menacing eddie
but when eddie stands up to it the
creature shrinks and flees
bill finds his childhood bicycle and
recovers the paper boat from the storm
drain where georgie was killed
he meets a boy named dean who says he
hears voices from the drain
later bill receives a message from it
who is going after dean
bill runs off to save dean only to watch
helplessly as
pennywise kills the boy henry attempts
to murder eddie at the losers hotel
and then mike at the library but richie
kills him
the losers rejoin bill talking him out
of facing it
alone after saving beverly from it the
group descends into a cavern beneath the
sewers
and performed the ritual in the remains
of the meteor that brought
it to earth the ritual traps the
deadlights in a sealing jar
but it emerges from the jar as a giant
red balloon which
bursts revealing it in two combined
forms
pennywise and a spider pennywise
pressures mike into revealing that it
killed the natives originally performing
the ritual a fact mike had hidden
mike states that the native americans
didn't succeed because they did not
believe
but the losers accuse mike of lying to
them it attacks the losers and places
bill
ben and beverly in nightmarish
hallucinations
which they escape once bill lets go of
his guilt over georgie's death
and beverly realizes ben wrote the love
letter mike stands up to pennywise
only to almost get eaten but richie
manages to distract it
getting caught in its deadlights eddie
saves him but is fatally impaled
he explains how he made it feel small
earlier
the losers mock pennywise showing that
they are not scared anymore
and calling pennywise various names to
make it weaker
and small causing pennywise to shrink
mike rips
out its heart he and the losers crush it
finally killing
it eddie dies from his injuries and the
losers are forced to leave him when its
cavern implodes
destroying the house the remaining
losers return to their old swimming area
and wash off from their confrontation
with it and join hands to comfort richie
as he mourns for eddie
after the losers part ways ben and
beverly get married
richie returns to the kissing bridge
where he had once carved his and eddie's
initials
mike decides to move out of derry and
start a new life
and bill begins writing his new story
before receiving a call from mike
as he leaves derry learning that stan
sent them all posthumous letters
the letters reveal stan was too scared
to face it
and his suicide was a sacrifice to give
his friends a chance against
it he asks the remaining losers to live
life to the fullest potential